The most dangerous biome in Minecraft is
about to be the desert because of the
camel husk. The camel husk is a new mob
that spawns with a husk holding a spear
and a parched riding it. Unlike the
zombie horse jockey, camel husk spawn
really frequently with 10% of husks
spawning as a jockey, meaning you'll see
these guys everywhere. And even more
dangerous, the camel husk, parched, and
husk don't burn in daylight. So, you'll
be seeing them all the time. But it gets
more dangerous because you basically
have to fight it. The Camel Husk is
almost as fast as the player and has the
parched shooting at you to slow you
down, so it's really hard to outrun,
especially with mobs and terrain getting
in your way, and you can't pillar up or
dig down to escape it since the parched
can shoot you. And even more dangerous
than that, the spear that the husk is
holding does damage based on speed, and
the husk is traveling pretty fast. So,
if you get hit, it can do about three
hearts with iron armor on. But most
dangerous of all, if you try to fight it
with a sword and make the mistake of
running towards it, this lets it do even
more damage, one-shotting you in iron
armor.